what's up guys I'm here today with Raph
he's known for calisthenics movements
crazy strength skills and today we're
going to see how my flexibility compares
to his strength and how his strength
compares to my flexibility let's get to
it all right you're the guest you get
the first pick what do you want to do
let's start with the staler press all
right let's go I'll demonstrate it real
quick hopefully this is not too slippery
try to get a good grip I like doing this
C type of grip and I'm just going to
throw my legs
over lock my elbows point my toes
oh
gosh almost into a handstand that is
crazy okay so what's the C grip your
tongue like this so you could either go
here but this case I put my thumbs okay
I'm going to try it like this locked
elbows yep legs in front
Okay Okay Point your
toes push through oh my CL oh my CL
wait I you got past the bar I did we got
to try that again by the way we each
have three tries per skill so if we keep
failing then we got to move on got my
[Music]
grip push through oh it's harder so
close so close let's see you're so close
though all you need to get is your legs
up
okay no there's no way that that's it
good try good try crazy it's one Raph is
in the lead um you did shoulders so I'm
going to do shoulders so let's move on
to the pull-up bar so I just call this
the uh the flying back catch so you're
basically just going to jump behind and
grab the bar from behind you and then
you're do a reverse skin the cat so oh
my gosh here we go here we go so you're
just from
here catch and roll your way through and
that's the scale what yeah give it a r
how's your hand is it like this yeah so
it's a reverse grip oh my gosh that's
the challenge that's so scary I think
you can do this one cuz you have three
tries
okay oh my gosh
okay a little higher a little higher you
got to trust yourself it's a little
higher try
okay so here let me let me give you a
tip I think I need to give you more tips
first um and we'll give you two more
tries your arms are actually going to
start up here and you're going to jump
down and swing back as you go up so
there's it's exactly like that so you're
using your arms momentum to swing up and
catch look at those elbows I can't even
reach back there so you get two more
tries go for
it oh I touched it that was close that
was close I need to do swinging one more
try let's give it a
whirl okay yep so it's a swing on the
downward squat yes that's that was
it so close so
crazy so now we're tied what do you have
next for me now we got a muscle up so
I'll show a slow one and a fast one so
here's the fast
one oh the form is so good and then slow
one just take your time you didn't even
use like a false grip yeah what the bar
slippery that help okay let's see so I
can do this with like a little bit of
Swing is that okay yeah that's fine yeah
okay cuz I can go from
here nice I can do that
perfect this bar is all way all right so
the slow one I I do it with a false grip
let's see if I can even do this
though nice almost flare those
elbows no that's it so close oh two more
two
more no my false script is slipping it's
so wet I like really pulling my like the
bottom of my chest ribs all the way up
okay and then you do this crazy
transition
what you do the transition so I'm going
to try it the way you do it cuz your
thumb is under yeah my thumb's under and
then once I get my almost like my ribs
to the bar that's when I really crunch
my ab transition through compression
okay yeah see I can't even get my that's
it two to one let's make it a little bit
harder so I already know you can do a
front split but we're going to try a
front split my way first all let's just
see your front split real quick cuz I
know you can do it right so I can get
about right like that this is actually
crazy flexibility by the way that's
crazy all right so come on out of it so
we'll we'll see for this one so for the
front split you kind of open up your
hips to the side and you get your
adductors to stretch a little which is
fine but we're going to do it internally
rotated so your hips are completely
squared off forward so this back fo is
almost like twisting in yes it's
internally rotated so from there you're
just going to go all the way down and
you're still on your toes yeah my toes
always stay there I feel like it's a
little more athletic cuz you can still
you can still kind of use that position
okay let's see I'll give it a try so you
might even start from a lunge with your
knee down if you want to
yeah you can yeah oh my gosh I already
feel it from here yeah that's exactly
where you want to feel
it there you go you can rest your knee
on the ground too yeah yep still yes and
keep that hip
[Music]
twisting I'll give it to you there's
that's actually really good I'll give
that to you that's crazy thank dude
that's awesome so it's three to one
right no no is that there's no point
there no point there so it's still two
to one let's try the one arm pull up
let's try that so I like gumming with
both hands to kind of stable myself
yeah
okay oh my
gosh yeah so the idea is to pretend like
your free hand is Reaching Across to
your other hip and you're staying tight
to the bar while keeping your elbow
crunch to your you're twisting yes
exactly and I'm trying to keep my legs
pinched together so so oh God there's
less movement I'll try left first let's
see there's no way here we
go yep stay tight oh that's that's
really good form though that is really
good form you can use you can kind of
like kick yourself up and swing your arm
down kind of explode up try try right
arm now see okay from here yeah okay
swing that left
arm I got no bicep strength for this I
could do a negative that's it that's
that's it that's all I got that was that
was a really good TR now it's three to
one great next we'll test your standing
pancake and then we'll go straight to a
middle split okay so first your standing
pancake it's it's kind of like a middle
split okay but so your goal is to get as
low as possible okay but without
touching the ground so you go low and
then you hinge forward and see how low
you can get what he's not
[Music]
even that's crazy so that's the standing
pancake at the highest level see how low
you can get I I have a feeling you're
going to get really low and are you like
really sticking your butt out all the
way out so it's it's it's similar to
like a pancake on the ground where
you're doing this but you're
floating so you can point them out yeah
it it helps a little bit now yeah chin
all the way toward that floor just like
how I'm teaching rap how to do this
technical standing pancake I'm teaching
thousands of members on the gambaru app
gambaru is a place to learn from your
favorite coaches and learn at your own
pace and not only do I have programs so
does Raph I know one thing is for sure
I'll be checking out his programs to
increase my calisthenic strength run
multiple programs and create your own
Journey on the garu app we'll see you
[Music]
[Applause]
there this guy's
crazy I can't get
up so I guess the challenge is who is
lower definitely you definitely me you
want to see who can hold it longer no
okay let's let's see who can lo let's
just see who goes
lower I can't even go down anymore that
one eny all right that was good that's
32 great job so that's 32 I'm catching
up I'm catching up I'm catching up what
do you got for me the next one is going
to be a dragon Squad you're already a
little bit familiar with it yeah I think
I can I think I can get this one we'll
see okay so let's see if you can get as
low as you can without touching kind
without touching yeah kind of hold it
for a little awesome and then explode
back up okay s around
[Music]
back up dude that was so smooth it's so
smooth all
right all
right okay oh God all right I'm going to
try on the other side here we
go oh this side feels a little
shakier oh my gosh
oh that was hard way better than M no
the games are over we're going to make
it a little bit harder I think this
one's going to challenge you a little
bit more maybe we'll even the odds a
little bit for sure we're going to do a
back bend but we're going to do it from
standing I'm going to fall on my neck I
think you got this I think you can do it
okay it's a squat one hand down
the other hand down and ideally you're
going to lock out your elbows and if I
can get grip you can lock out your knees
as well oh
my yeah so that's where I'm
standing okay okay it'll be easy to put
one hand down first but you can maybe
you'll do
both wait yes come on other
hand my shoulders I can't reach it no
you
definitely there you go other hand you
got
it don't hurt
yourself yes no wait
wait that was crazy so close that was so
close three three we're all tied up so
next one's for all the money right yes
as they say let's hit the good anime
challenge the boy
pose so for the baky pose you want to
choose like your dominant hand to
balance on okay and mine I'm
right-handed but mine is left for some
reason oh interesting okay so keep your
feet together you're going to reach
across to your opposite side and you
want to aim for the middle of your thigh
okay so once I get my elbow more of my
tricep under you place your hand down
and you actually want to rotate it
slightly towards your feet okay your
other hand's going to
post okay and then you lift your legs no
way until you find that sweet SP no
way what what that's crazy when this is
the wind here so so right here nice if
you can go down a little lower with your
head like oh this way oh my gosh you're
twisting your whole spine
nice hand placement okay slowly lift
those legs keep them pinched get them
off on my tricep
okay okay nice lift your hips up to the
ceiling oh God wait okay that's one try
that's one try okay okay two more
tries so I got to lift the shift your
weight a little forward and bring those
hips up
yeah oh
goodness oh
ah okay one more try how long have you
been training for that you could just do
that so I've been doing jiujitsu for
like 10 years and I feel like that
translated to calisthenics a lot with
evidently
yeah I've been doing calisthenics for
about 7 years and I I just saw this
trend on Tik Tok and I was like I
definitely have to try that it took me
about like a week to get it down a week
yeah well it's going to take me 1 minute
I got you I got you I'm going to try it
on my other side now this way
yep Lean Forward oh
oh let's
see oh my gosh I just can't get that
other hand up oh I feel the balance such
a good setup though good try that's for
the W though good job dude nice oh that
was crazy thank you guys so much for
watching please like Please Subscribe
follow Raph on Instagram he's got some
really cool stuff there surprisingly
enough we're both on gamaro so if you
guys wanted to get a membership there
you get access to both of our programs
so yeah stay flexible